Steps to use a user account and access FHIR service via Postman (#121327)
Azure/azure-content: articles/healthcare-apis/fhir/use-postman.md

<a name='get-azure-ad-access-token'></a>

> ## Get Microsoft Entra access token using Client Credential grant type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get a Microsoft Entra access token by using the Client Credential grant type
```

> ## Get Microsoft Entra access token using Client Credential grant type

Reviewer 2: This step is not required to set up . I would request to state at the start of the document, there are two options to access FHIR service using postman - service principal and client credentials.

Reviewer 2: Explicitly state this is option available if user wants to access FHIR service using user account.

> The FHIR service is secured by Microsoft Entra ID. The default authentication can't be disabled. To access the FHIR service, you must get a Microsoft Entra access token first. For more information, see [Microsoft identity platform access tokens](../../active-directory/develop/access-tokens.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FHIR service is secured by Microsoft Entra ID. The default authentication can't be disabled. To access the FHIR service, you need a Microsoft Entra access token. For more information, see [Microsoft identity platform access tokens](../../active-directory/develop/access-tokens.md).
```

[ ![Screenshot of access token claims.](media/postman/postman-access-token-claims.png) ](media/postman/postman-access-token-claims.png#lightbox)

> ## Get Microsoft Entra access token using user account with Authorization Code grant type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get a Microsoft Entra access token by using a user account with Authorization Code grant type
```

> You can get the Microsoft Entra access token using your Entra account credentials by following below listed steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the Microsoft Entra access token by using your Microsoft Entra account credentials to follow these steps.
```

> 1. As mentioned in the prerequisites section, you must be a member of Azure Entra Tenant and have required access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you're a member of the Azure Entra Tenant and have the required access permissions.
```

> 1. Ensure that you've configured the redirect URL, `https://oauth.pstmn.io/v1/callback`, for web platform in the client application registration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that you've configured the redirect URL `https://oauth.pstmn.io/v1/callback` for web platform in the client application registration.
```

> ![callbackURL](media/use-postman/callbackurl.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![A screenshot that shows the callback URL.](media/use-postman/callback-url.png)
```

> 1. In the client application registration under API Permissions blade, Add **User_Impersonation** Delegated permission for **Azure Healthcare APIS** from **APIs my organization uses** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the client application registration under **API Permissions**, add the **User_Impersonation** delegated permission for **Azure Healthcare APIS** from **APIs my organization uses** tab.
```

> ![App-reg-permissions](media/use-postman/app-reg-permissions.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![A screenshot that shows how to add API permissions.](media/use-postman/app-reg-permissions.png)
```

> ![App-reg-permissions-2](media/use-postman/app-reg-permissions-2.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![A screenshot that shows how to request API permissions.](media/use-postman/app-reg-permissions-2.png)
```

> 1. In the postman, select the **Authorization** tab of either a collection or a specific REST Call, select **Type** as OAuth 2.0 and under **Configure New Token** section, set below values 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the postman, select the **Authorization** tab of a collection or a specific REST call, and then select **Type** as OAuth 2.0. Under **Configure New Token**, set these values:
```

  - **Callback URL**: `https://oauth.pstmn.io/v1/callback`
    
  - **Auth URL**: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{{tenantid}}/oauth2/v2.0/authorize`
    
  - **Access Token URL**: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{{tenantid}}/oauth2/v2.0/token`
    
  - **Client ID**: Application client registration ID  
    
  - **Client Secret**: Application client registration secret 
    
  - **Scope**: `{{fhirurl}}/.default`
    
  - **Client Authentication**: Send client credentials in body
    

> ![Postman configuration](media/use-postman/postman-configuration.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![A screenshot that shows how to configure a new token.](media/use-postman/postman-configuration.png)
```

> 1. Click on **Get New Access Token** button at the bottom of page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Get New Access Token** at the bottom of the page.
```

> 1. You will be asked for User credentials for login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The system asks for user sign-in credentials.
```

> 1. You will receive the token. Click on **Use Token.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When you receive the token, choose **Use Token**.
```

> 1. Ensure Token is in the Authorization Header of the REST call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure the token is in the Authorization Header of the REST call.
```

> You can examine the access token using online tools such as [https://jwt.ms](https://jwt.ms). Select the Claims tab to see detailed descriptions for each claim in the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can examine the access token by using online tools such as [https://jwt.ms](https://jwt.ms). Select the **Claims** tab to see a detailed description for each claim in the token.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: After this is setup, how does customer validate they are getting capability statement. I request to move the section -"Connect to FHIR server" after this .

Reviewer: Done in PR https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-pr/pull/271776

## Get FHIR resource

> After you've obtained a Microsoft Entra access token, you can access the FHIR data. In a new `GET` request, enter `{{fhirurl}}/Patient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you obtain a Microsoft Entra access token, you can access the FHIR data. In a new `GET` request, enter `{{fhirurl}}/Patient`.
```

Select **Bearer Token** as authorization type.  Enter `{{bearerToken}}` in the **Token** section. Select **Headers** to add two new headers:

- **Accept**: `application/fhir+json`

- **Prefer**:  `respond-async`

> Select **Send**. You should notice a `202 Accepted` response. Select the **Headers** tab of the response and make a note of the value in the **Content-Location**. You can use the value to query the export job status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose **Send**. You should notice a `202 Accepted` response. Select the **Headers** tab of the response and make a note of the value in the **Content-Location**. You can use the value to query the export job status.
```
